Overview:
    Goals:
        To create a game that would be challenging for the students in Cyber Storm and challenging for us to produce, without being irrationally difficult.
        To implement Hangman in Python, using a GUI and GPIO.
    Process:
        The player guesses the letters in one of 76 different words, which are stored in a dictionary.
        Letters, and only letters, are entered one at a time, and then the word is scanned for each letter.
        If the letter is found, then the display replaces any relevant blanks with the letter, and the GPIO turns on a green LED.
        If the letter is not found, then the display changes an image and decrements the life counter by one and the GPIO turns on a red 
        LED and decrements the LED life counter by one.
        If the display has no more blanks, then the word is guessed, and victory achieved.
        If the life counter reaches zero, the player has failed.
        With victory, the player may choose a word from the list of 76 for the next player to guess.
        With failure, the next player must guess the same word.
    Relevancy:
        Hangman's limited number of lives forces the player to think strategically, instead of just defaulting to brute force.
        The victory ability to choose the next word causes the player to have to weigh the difficulty of different words.
        The longest word may have lots of repeated letters, and a word with lots of different letters may be a well known word.
        In our case, the list of words was a list of many of the 88 official constellations. Unfortunately, due to time crunch, a few 
        constellations were removed from the list because they had spaces.
    Difficulties:
        Pop-Up Window:
            Problem:
                Building a working Pop-Up window for the player to choose a word.
            Solution:
                We created a popup window from the Tkinter module in python which displayed a predefined list of constellation names. 
                This window had a listbox with a scrollbar, and a buttonpad for user input. The numbered buttons all appended their 
                respective values to a list which is compiled into a string once the enter button is pressed. This then brings up 
                another popup window and destroys the first. If the user presses the accept button, the displayed word is used to create 
                a new instance of the Hangman game. If Deny is pressed the previous popup window is called again and the accept/deny one
                is destroyed. 
Demonstration:
    https://github.com/Andre-Aguillard/Cyberstorm-Final-Project-CYEN132
Cyber Storm:
    Cyberstorm seemed pretty successful. 7 out of 8 teams showed up; 5 won, and 2 lost. Some had an easy time, while some were 
    thoroughly frustrated with the previous team's word selection. The challenge was worth 10,000 pts and all teams were given an 
    opportunity to complete the challenge while it was open. #FIXME
Future Development:
    There are some other features that could be added, like support for spaces, or the ability to input the entire word at once if the
    user knows it. Additionally, we could create different themed versions of the game, or create a function wich kept score such as
    recording the number of words guessed correctly.  #FIXME
Lessons Learned:
    Dax - I learned that it's very difficult to know how an entire program works line by line, which is why it takes teams to build 
          large programs. I imagine some of this could be alieved with superior code organization theory.
    Andre - I learned that working on a team based coding project is much more enjoyable than doing one by yourself. With multiple
            people giving input and coming up with solutions to various issues and weird quirks in the code, a lot is able to be 
            accomplished with the combined skill and precision of the team.
    #FIXME
